---
layout: default-layout
title: Release Notes v10.x - Dynamsoft Barcode Reader JavaScript Edition
description: This note features the latest updates in Barcode Reader JavaScript SDK version 10.x. New features were added along with various APIs deprecated, added, and removed.
keywords: release notes, javascript
needAutoGenerateSidebar: true
needGenerateH3Content: false
noTitleIndex: true
permalink: /programming/javascript/release-notes/js-10.html
---

# Release Notes for Dynamsoft Barcode Reader JavaScript SDK

## 10.2.10 (04/03/2024)

#### New

- Updated the template system
  - Added `StringLengthRange` for [`TextDetectionMode`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}image-parameter/text-detection-mode.html).
  - Added Argument `BarcodeFormat` for [`DPMCodeReadingModes`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}barcode-reader-task-settings/dpm-code-reading-modes.html). Currently, you can specify "BF_DATAMATRIX"  or "BF_QR_CODE" for the parameter.
  - Added `ReferenceTaskNameArray` under [`Location.ReferenceObjectFilter`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}target-roi-def/location.html#referenceobjectfilter) to filter the reference objects generated by the task name.
  - Added the support of the [`OutputTaskSetting`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}output-task-setting/index.html) definition. The following sub-parameters are available in `OutputTaskSetting` object:
    - `OutputCondition`
    - `TaskResultArray`
    - `TargetROIDefName`
    - `TaskSettingNameArray`
    - `BackwardReferenceOutput`
    - `ReferenceTaskNameArray`
    - `ReferenceResultTypeArray`
    - `Operator`
  - [`Offset`]({{ site.dcv_parameters }}target-roi-def/location.html#offset) parameter is optimized.
    - Added `ReferenceObjectType` to specify whether the reference object is an atomic object or the whole image.
    - Added `ReferenceXAxis` & `ReferenceYAxis` to define the X & Y axis.
    - Modified `FirstPoint`, `SecondPoint`, `ThirdPoint` & `FourthPoint`. You can specify whether the X or Y coordinate of the point is measured by percentage.
    - Deprecated `ReferenceObjectSize` Type.
- Added the following new error codes
  - `EC_IMAGE_SIZE_NOT_MATCH`
  - `EC_IMAGE_PIXEL_FORMAT_NOT_MATCH`
  - `EC_SECTION_LEVEL_RESULT_IRREPLACEABLE`
  - `EC_AXIS_DEFINITION_INCORRECT`
  - `EC_TEXT_LINE_GROUP_LAYOUT_CONFLICT`
  - `EC_TEXT_LINE_GROUP_REGEX_CONFLICT`
- Added [`ObservationParameters`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}core/intermediate-results/observation-parameters.html) interface for allowing the configuration of intermediate result observation.
- Added a new call back function [`onShortLinesUnitReceived`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/intermediate-result-receiver.html#onshortlinesunitreceived) to the `IntermediateResultReceiver` class.
- Added a new supported image pixel format, binary 8 inverted. The corresponding enumeration member is added to the [`EnumImagePixelFormat`]({{ site.enums }}core/image-pixel-format.html?lang=js).
- Update [`MultiFrameResultCrossFilter`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}utility/multi-frame-result-cross-filter.html) class to allow string type for resultItemType.
- Update [`TextZonesUnit`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}/core/intermediate-results/text-zones-unit.html) interface, now using [`TextZone`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}/core/basic-structures/text-zone.html) interface to record text zone data.
- Update [`CandidateBarcodeZonesUnit`]({{ site.js_api }}interfaces/candidate-barcode-zones-unit.html) interface, now using [`CandidateBarcodeZone`]({{ site.js_api }}interfaces/candidate-barcode-zone.html) to record candidate barcode zone data instead of `Quadrilateral`.
- Update [`DeformationResistedBarcodeImageUnit`]({{ site.js_api }}interfaces/deformation-resisted-barcode-image-unit.html) interface, now using [`DeformationResistedBarcode`]({{ site.js_api }}interfaces/deformation-resisted-barcode.html) interface to record deformation resisted barcode data.

#### Improved

- Updated the security of the DynamsoftBarcodeReader library and other corresponding dependent libraries.

#### Fixed

- Fix the issue of camera not opening in iOS 17.4.

#### Breaking Changes

- The interface [`CapturedResult`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/captured-result.html) is migrated from `DynamsoftCore` module to `DynamsoftCaptureVisionRouter` module.
- Changed the logic of the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting of [`SimplifiedCaptureVisionSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/interfaces/simplified-capture-vision-settings.html):
  - If the result item types don't match the specified template, the method [`updateSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings) will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types do not match the task configurations in the template".
  - Based on the `capturedResultItemTypes` setting, the irrelevant tasks will be removed from the template.
  - The `capturedResultItemTypes` should include at least one of the `CRIT_BARCODE`, `CRIT_TEXT_LINE`, `CRIT_DETECTED_QUAD`, `CRIT_NORMALIZED_IMAGE`. Otherwise, the method [`updateSettings`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}capture-vision-router/settings.html#updatesettings) will return the error code `EC_PARAMETER_VALUE_INVALID` with the message "The captured result item types should contain at least one task result type".
- Refactored the [`Contour`]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}core/basic-structures/contour.html) interface. Please view API reference - `Contour` interface for more information.

## 10.0.21 (02/05/2024)

#### Improved

- Introduced `dbr.bundle.js` to include packages that are required on running Dynamsoft Barcode Reader to reduce the complexity of the code.

## 10.0.20 (01/29/2024)

### Changelog

In this version, the SDK has been refactored under the `DynamsoftCaptureVision` (DCV) architecture. To learn more about the architecture, please see [Architecture of Dynamsoft Capture Vision](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/){:target="_blank"}. The following highlights the major changes: 

* The class `BarcodeReader` and `BarcodeScanner` are removed and its functionalities are now incorporated into the newly added Class `CaptureVisionRouter`.

* License-related functions are handled by class [Dynamsoft.License.LicenseManager]({{ site.dcv_js_api }}license/license-manager.html#initLicense).

* Camera-related functions are handled by [DynamsoftCameraEnhancer(DCE)](https://www.dynamsoft.com/camera-enhancer/docs/web/programming/javascript/){:target="_blank"}. Please note that the following features are grouped together as enhanced features that require a license:
  * Enhanced-focus.
  * Auto-zoom.
  * Tap-to-focus.

* This version of `BarcodeReader` only accepts `DynamsoftCameraEnhancer(DCE)` version 4.0.1 and above, which has been refactored to be compliant with the [ImageSourceAdapter (ISA) interface](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/input.html#image-source-adapter){:target="_blank"}, as a valid image source.

* Decoded barcode results are returned via the [CapturedResultReceiver (CRR) interface](https://www.dynamsoft.com/capture-vision/docs/core/architecture/output.html#captured-result-receiver){:target="_blank"}.

* For the full list of API changes, please refer to the [v9 to v10 Upgrade Guide](../upgrade-guide/9to10.md).
